# Hello World, this is the messy inner workings of my mind. 
## Strap yourself in, this is going to get messy.
## And this document <u>*tries*</u> to help understand that mess.

This `repo` and the folders contained with in it are a virtual representation of my mind and journey towards becoming a software engineer. For myself, it acts as a reference guide or library to the vast collective information that is fundamental to programming.

For others, I hope this document can bring *any* help or clarity. Please do not assume this information to be correct, **do your own research**! I'm sure there are bugs and better solutions than what is presented.

> This repo will be seperated into respective programming languages that I personally have tried and use.
> These will be named as their respective language names. 
> - e.g. `python` will be the folder for all python scripts and documentation
> - e.g. `c++` will be the folder for all c++ scripts and documentation

> Each `language` folder will consist of `synapse`. These are the small building blocks of information that, by themselves, may have little to no utility. Consider each `synapse` as a cog within a clock, added together, they provide utility and functionality.

> Each `language` folder will contain `neurons` represented by **snake_case**, these are projects or programs, differing in utility, complexity, size and completedness. These `neurons` should consist of methods and functions developed from and in `synapse`. 

> Each `language` folder will also contain a `prefrontal cortex` folder, this will be a collection of programs and functions using algorithms and various data structures. Generally, these will be coding interview like questions, but will provide an indepth understanding to potential and best solutions. Question and solutions will be based on and provided from Blind 75, Neetcode, LeetCode, AlgoExpert, codewars and university (UTS).

This definition and seperation hopefully, give some sort of clarity to the structure of this repo, `connecting-neurons`.

Other folders such as:
> `schoolingMyself` - a set of curricula, generated by myself with the help of openAI's chatGPT, that I use to provide some structure and guidance to my learning process.
> - [`oneSmallStep`](/schoolingMyself/1oneSmallStep/beginner-intermediate.md) - is a beginner/intermediate curriculum
> - **[`oneGiantLeap`](/schoolingMyself/2oneGiantLeap/intermediate-advanced.md) - is an intermediate/advanced curriculum focusing mainly on the python language
> - **[`prettyThingsAndHowTheyWork`](/schoolingMyself/prettyThingsAndHowTheyWork/web-development) - is a general overview curriculum for web development
> - **[`tearingMyFrontalLobeApart`](/schoolingMyself/tearingMyFrontalLobeApart/algorithmic-thinking.md) - is an overview curriculum for data structures and algorithms

> `prettyThings` - a folder consisting of mostly web development or visual gui programs.

```
    If you would like to contact me or provide any advice/feedback, please
    elsiexie.io@gmail.com
```